Track 2 markdown files updates (#1840)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-rust: CONTRIBUTING.md

Reviewer: I can take care of this file. The placeholder is fine, though. Helps keep a consistent structure.

Author: Sounds good. I added the most basic of Prerequisites and build instructions.

# Contributing

## Prerequisites

> - It's recommended you install `rustup` to acquire the necessary tooling like `rustc` and `cargo`.
> - Rust version [1.76](https://releases.rs/docs/1.76.0/) is required to build libraries from the SDK.
> - If you use VSCode, we recommend you install these extensions:
>   - [rust-analyzer](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=rust-lang.rust-analyzer)
>   - [Event Better TOML](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=tamasfe.even-better-toml)
>   - [CodeLLD](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vadimcn.vscode-lldb)

Reviewer: "We recommend". These are prereqs and that verbiate is extraneous. Besides, you're duplicating steps here.

```suggestion
- [Rust toolchain](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install)

  When you run `cargo build`, toolchain version [1.76](https://releases.rs/docs/1.76.0/) and necessary components will be installed automatically.
   
- (Recommended) If you use [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com), install recommended extensions to improve your development experience.
```

## Generated code

> If you want to contribute to a file that is generated (header contains `Code generated by Microsoft (R) AutoRest Code Generator.`), the best approach to open a PR on the initial Swagger/TypeSpec specification, as we can NOT merge a PR on generated code (it would be replaced by next generation). Please visit the [Azure/azure-rest-api-specs repo](https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs/) to view and make changes to Azure service API specs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to contribute to a file that is generated (header contains `Code generated by Microsoft (R) AutoRest Code Generator.`), the best approach is to open a PR on the TypeSpec specification since we cannot replace generated code that will be replaced when regenerated. Please visit the [Azure/azure-rest-api-specs repo](https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs/) to view and make changes to Azure service API specifications.
```

We don't and will not support swagger, nor should public-facing docs use atypical abbreviations when considering other languages e.g., "specs".

> If you want to contribute to a file that is generated (header contains `Code generated by Microsoft (R) AutoRest Code Generator.`), the best approach to open a PR on the initial Swagger/TypeSpec specification, as we can NOT merge a PR on generated code (it would be replaced by next generation). Please visit the [Azure/azure-rest-api-specs repo](https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs/) to view and make changes to Azure service API specs.

Author: Agree on the not mentioning "autorest". 
Do we know what that line will be? @jhendrixMSFT, do you know?

> If you want to contribute to a file that is generated (header contains `Code generated by Microsoft (R) AutoRest Code Generator.`), the best approach to open a PR on the initial Swagger/TypeSpec specification, as we can NOT merge a PR on generated code (it would be replaced by next generation). Please visit the [Azure/azure-rest-api-specs repo](https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs/) to view and make changes to Azure service API specs.

Author: Updated text to say generated source is identified by being in a `/generated` subdirectory.

> If you want to contribute to a file that is generated (header contains `Code generated by Microsoft (R) AutoRest Code Generator.`), the best approach to open a PR on the initial Swagger/TypeSpec specification, as we can NOT merge a PR on generated code (it would be replaced by next generation). Please visit the [Azure/azure-rest-api-specs repo](https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs/) to view and make changes to Azure service API specs.

Reviewer 2: The code generator emits the following comment near the top of each file.
```
// Code generated by Microsoft (R) Rust Code Generator. DO NOT EDIT.
```

## Prerequisites

- [Rust toolchain](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install)

  When you run `cargo build`, toolchain version [1.76](https://releases.rs/docs/1.76.0/) and necessary components will be installed automatically.

- (Recommended) If you use [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com), install recommended extensions to improve your development experience.

## Generated code

> If you want to contribute to a file that is generated (the file is located in a `/generated` subdirectory), the best approach is to open a PR on the TypeSpec specification since we cannot replace generated code that will be replaced when regenerated. Please visit the [Azure/azure-rest-api-specs repo](https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs/) to view and make changes to Azure service API specifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to contribute to a file that is generated (the file is located in a `generated` subdirectory), the best approach is to open a PR on the TypeSpec specification since we cannot replace generated code that will be replaced when regenerated. Please visit the [Azure/azure-rest-api-specs repo](https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs/) to view and make changes to Azure service API specifications.
```
